Initial draft (#1)
calnix/Yieldcurity: PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

# Description
> Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context and any links to documentation created.
> Reference: [PR Submission Guide](/submission_process.md)

## Type of change

> Please delete options that are not relevant.

Reviewer: idt they need to delete them. theres not that many i think its ok (maybe better?) to have it explicitly show that you didn't tick a certain box

> Please delete options that are not relevant.

Reviewer: idt they need to delete them. theres not that many i think its ok (maybe better?) to have it explicitly show that you didn't tick a certain box

```suggestion**
Please select all options that are relevant.
```

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

> 

Reviewer: Two sections I think shoud be somewhere at the top (not necessarily here at the very top though, up to you)

 - Have any storage slots changes as a result of this PR?
 - Have any interfaces changed as a result of this PR?

> ### Dependencies

Reviewer: lets move this section right after Contracts

> > List all libraries and imports utilized, e.g. Ownable.sol from OZ

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> List all new libraries and imports introduced by this PR, e.g. YieldProtocol/AccessControl
```

### Externalities

> > List all external (to this PR) contracts that are interacted with - within Yield ecosystem and without.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> List any new external contracts that are introduced by this pr - within Yield ecosystem and without.
```

> _Note to Reviewer: Examine every component the feature may touch. Then go back through excluded components and ensure they cannot be affected._

### Risk 

> > Highlight areas of risk. E.g. Assembly code blocks, use of unchecked, function call made to an external contract that lies outside of the Yield ecosystem. 

Reviewer: I think assembly blocks and external contracts should be given extra attention as a matter of practice.  What we want the author of this pr to identify is anything they personally feel was complex or that they are unsure of.
```suggestion
> Highlight areas of risk that are introduced by this pr, or any areas that you would like to be given extra attention.
```

> > Example: fn A in contractB.sol makes a call to someexternalcontract.sol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Example: "The fees calculation in `getFees()`"
```

## Contracts
> This section serves as a brief for the reviewer, code author is to introduce contracts and elaborate on salient points.

> > ContractA.sol -> description + points

Reviewer: idk how i feel about all these examples.  We'll leave them in for now ig, but we might end up removing it.   In addition to them cluttering up the page, they might be too opinionated and not appropriate for all prs

> ContractB.sol -> description + points

> Reference: See section '[New contracts and areas of risk](https://github.com/yieldprotocol/yieldspace-tv/pull/3)'

> ### Complexity

Reviewer: I would combine this with Risk above.  Make this section `Complexities / Risks`

> Highlight areas of abstraction/complexity; e.g. functions that have complicated math or are deeply layered.

> Example: ContractA.sol, Function doSomeComplexMath()

## Testing
> Elaborate on your testing approach - assumptions made, concerns and any caveats.

> > Map your state inheritance testing flow. This could be in the form of a [text tree](https://github.com/calnix/Collateralized-Vault/blob/AddedCode/Readme.md#testing) or an illustrated diagram (excalidraw/draw.io).

Reviewer: this is all great info, but not sure it belongs in the pr template.  also idt it's particularly important to elaborate on your testing approach in many situations.  I am intersted in:

1) If it is a bug, was a test written so that the bug won't happen again??
2) What kind of tests were used?  local, unit, mainnet fork, fuzzing, symbolic execution

Pasting the state inheritance testing form sound pretty cool but also sounds like a bit of a PITA for all but very large projects.  This kind of thing would be nice to have in the testing documentation.

> Negative tests, Positive tests, Adversarial and Transition tests should be listed out in each state node. Highlight both fuzzing and invariant tests.

> WHY: Offers a high-level risk surface of the testing coverage. Implementer can be certain they have not missed any possible states. Auditor quickly appreciate what has been tested, and spot any gaps.  

**Example:**_(Please delete and replace)_

```

> (StateZeroTest) 

Reviewer: too much examples for a pr template, belongs somewhere else

(actions available: deposit, withdraw, redeem)
- negative tests
- adversarial tests
- positive tests 
- transition test

(StateSomeStateTest)
(actions available)
- etc,...
```

> ### Fuzz testing

Reviewer: combine all of these into one testing section above

> Highlight key tests/points regarding fuzz testing done

### Highlight Invariant tests
> Highlight key tests/points regarding invariant testing done

### Highlight Economic tests
> Highlight key tests/points regarding economics testing done

### Highlight Integration tests
> Highlight key tests/points regarding integration testing done

## Reports

> > Insert report outputs here

Reviewer: idk how i feel about this.  we include gas reports by default now.  non one uses SMTChecker and I don't see anyone using it any time soon.  Slither is nice but, accept for me, no one is currently using it (also the reports are pretty big)

Maybe delete this section and lets have a catchall comment at the end that says "Please also include anything else relevant to this pr such as Slither reports..."

 - [ ] Foundry gas reports
 - [ ] Slither
 - [ ] SMTChecker

## Others

### Open items not included at submission of this PR

 - [ ] Item A
 - [ ] Item B
 - [ ] Item C

### Changes requested by reviewer

> 

Reviewer: lets delete this section and manage this through github

 - [ ] Change A
 - [ ] Change B
 - [ ] Change C

*** 
 

> # Approver Section

Reviewer: eh, maybe delete the whole approver section, approvers can make comments on the pr directly
